Using pro forma:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RcgFczzGYs

1) Place target at global origin. Use a plane.
1b) Rename plane 'target plane'.
2) place camera at global origin. 
3) Constrain camera to track to target object.
4) Constrain target object to track to camera.
5)Pull camera along z axis.
6) Add circle empty.
6a) Rotate circle 90 degrees on x.
6b) Apply rotations to deltas.
6c) Rename circle 'focus empty'
 and place between target and camera on z axis.
7) Lock x and y movement on circle empty (focus).
8) Link in trace image to world origin.
8a) Rotate trace image to correct oriention wrt to camera (should be multiples of 90 degrees).
8b) Apply rotation to deltas on trace image.
8c)	Lock rotation on x and y axes for trace image.
8d) Set constraint on trace image to track to camera and adjust 'track axis' and 'Up' to make trace orientate correctly again (if necessary).
9) Drop armature on camera (having used shift-s and object-set origin-origin to 3d cursor).
6b) Return origin to target object.
6c) Select armature and go into 'edit mode'.
6d) Orientate armature by pressing shift-s then 'selection to cursor'
10) Change style of armature to 'stick'.
11) Set Camera as armature's parent.
12) Set origin to target object. Go to edit mode, select armature tip and shift-s to target object.
13) Make focus empty parent of trace image.
14) Make armature parent of focus empty.

1)Place origin to 0,0,0
2)Add an empty (Plain Axes) rename it 'target empty'
3)Add a camera
4)Move camera in positive y direction and set 'track axis:-z, up:y'
5)Add an empty (Circle) rename it 'focus empty'
then lock locations x and z then lock rotations x and z.
6)Set origin to camera
7)Add bone to origin
8)Set origin to 'target empty'
9)Select armature, select edit mode then perform 'selection to cursor'
10)For the bone in 'object data properties' (running stick man icon tab) change viewport display to 'stick'.
11)Make camera parent of armature.
12)Make armature parent of 'focus empty'.
Adapted steps:-
13)Set origin to 'focus empty' while it is lying on the y axis.
14)Link in the sketch image. Rotate in blocks of 90 degrees so image is correctly oriented in camera. Select 'Object:Apply:Rotation to deltas'
15)Make 'focus empty' the parent of the sketch image.
16)Add a mesh circle at the origin do 'edit:adjust last operation' and change the number of vertices to 3. Change its name to 'target triangle'.
17)Set a constraint for the target triangle to 'track to' and select the camera as the target object.
NB) When setting up this camera rig I have started by pulling the camera away from the origin along the y axis and the rig worked. I could also have pulled the camera away along the x axis and the rig would have worked. However, if I'd pulled the camera along the z axis the and started moving it around then both the camera and the trace image would twist around by 180 degrees every time the camera is pulled across either 'x=0' or 'y=0' and this can be very frustrating when you are trying to match up a trace image to a model.